test/Test2.java passed
test/Test3.java passed
test/Test4.java passed
test/Test5.java passed
test/Test6.java passed
test/Test7.java passed
test/Test8.java passed
test/Test9.java passed
test/Test10.java passed
test/Test11.java passed
test/Test12.java passed
test/Test14.java passed
test/Test15.java passed
test/Test16.java passed
test/Test17.java passed
test/Test18.java passed
test/Test19.java passed
test/Test20.java passed
test/Test21.java passed
test/Test22.java passed
test/Test23.java passed
test/Test24.java passed
test/Test25.java passed
test/Test26.java passed
test/Test27.java passed
test/Test28.java passed
test/Test29.java passed
test/Test30.java passed
test/Test31.java passed
test/Test32.java passed
test/Test33.java passed
test/Test34.java passed
test/Test35.java passed
test/Test36.java passed
test/Test37.java passed
test/Test38.java passed
test/Test41.java passed
test/Test42.java passed
test/Test43.java passed
test/Test45.java passed
test/Test50.java passed
test/Test51.java passed
test/Test52.java passed
test/Test53.java passed
test/Test54.java passed
test/Test55.java passed
test/Test56.java passed
test/Test57.java passed
test/Test58.java passed
test/Test59.java passed
test/Test62.java passed
test/Test63.java passed
test/Test64.java passed
test/Test65.java passed
test/Test66.java passed
test/Test69.java passed
test/Test71.java passed
test/Test74.java passed
test/Test75.java passed
test/Test76.java passed
test/Test78.java passed
test/Test79.java passed
test/Test80.java passed
test/Test101.java passed
test/Test110.java passed
test/Test113.java passed
test/Test114.java passed
test/Test115.java passed
test/Test116.java passed
